[[dev-comms]]
## Issue Management and Communication

With Github as the primary tool for logging and handling issues, it is important to become proficient in utilising its interface and taking
advantage of the extra tools available.

### Displaying Issues

Issues can be displayed natively in Github by clicking the https://github.com/syndesisio/syndesis/issues['Issues'] button at the top of the
https://github.com/syndesisio/syndesis[main repository page]. This provides a list of all the issues which can be filtered according to text,
status etc.

However, additionally a more informative dashboard is available using https://www.zenhub.com/[Zenhub]. Simply navigate to their website, scroll down
and click 'Zenhub Browser Extension' / 'Add the extension'. This will install their addon into Firefox or Chrome. Once installed, a Zenhub tab will
be displayed in the main repository page, which once clicked on, will display a dashboard of the issues divided into respective swimlanes according
to their status.

### Being Notified of Issues

Once assigned to the project, the registered email address should being receiving notifications from Github concerning any modifications to any
issues. This can quickly fill an inbox so filtering these into their own folder is recommended (a new developer can expect to see 50-100 per day).
Additional tools, like Octobox, are available for helping with managing these notifications so please ask other project members if you are
struggling to handle them.

### Administering Issues

Issues are the bedrock of the project and provide the window into understanding what each developer is currently working on. Therefore, it is
important to log issues, assign issues and provide comments to issues. Github/Zenhub provide tools to connect issues and Pull Requests (PRs) and
even if the PR does not require an issue (rarely!) then it should be possible to provide sufficient context in the PR that spells out its nature
and relevance.

Once assigned, an issue is your's to log as much detail as required to portray any problems, difficulties or solutions. Should you need help then
Github provides syntax using the @UserName syntax to prompt other's to comment on the issue. Given the plethora of notifications that developers
receive on a daily basis, it is recommended to use this syntax if you require additional input, since this sends additional notifications
specifically asking the developer concerned to comment. In the event that you are unsure who to contact then it is not impolite to include a number
of @UserNames in the issue and someone will respond and either reply directly or in turn notify a person who can. Everyone understands the
importance of collaboration so speaking up is to be only encouraged.

### Closing Issues

Development is about solving the issues and closing them down. Therefore, closing issues is a good thing. Do not be afraid to close an issue if the
problem has been solved or indeed if the problem has gone away on its own (yes this does happen!). In the event. that a code change has occurred and
a PR submitted then that PR will have been reviewed by another developer. There may be a back-and-forth in comments and requests for changes but
finally the PR will be approved by the reviewer. Once that happens, the PR will be automatically merged and closed. If an issue is directly linked to
the PR then that too will be closed as well. Should this not be required then the issue can of course be re-opened. Once the issue is closed then it
is back to the dashboard to find a new one!
